Docs references revamp (#40)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/toolkit/ansible-avalanche-collection/reference/modules/tx.md

blockchain: C/avax
```

## Example playbook

> The playbook `ash.avalanche.transfer_avax` is provided as an example of how to use the `ash.avalanche.tx` module. See [Avalanche Transactions](../tutorials/avalanche-transactions.md) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The playbook `ash.avalanche.transfer_avax` is provided as an example of how to use the `ash.avalanche.tx` module. See [Avalanche Transactions](/docs/toolkit/ansible-avalanche-collection/tutorials/avalanche-transactions) for more.
```
